README.md, before:

# Keyboard Modifiers Status - Gnome-Shell Extension

 A Gnome-Shell extension that shows keyboard modifiers status. It is more useful when accessibility feature - sticky keys is active. 

 Current supported features:

 - Indicates status of these modifiers: Shift, Caps, Control, Alt, AltGr, Meta/Cmd, Num, (Scroll?)
 - Shows these states: (Off, Latched, Locked) in Wayland, (Off, Active) in Xorg

## Install

Choose a method

- Simply, from Gnome extensions portal site

    https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/975/keyboard-modifiers-status/

- Manually

    1. Extract it into a subfolder `keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher` in `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/`
    
            unzip keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher.zip -d ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher

        or
            
            make install
    
    2. Restart gnome-shell, using <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>F2</kbd> then `r`+<kbd>Enter</kbd> with Xorg or logout/login with Wayland.
    
    3. Enable it
    
            gnome-extensions enable keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher


## Extras

- Enable an extension for all users (machine-wide)

    See https://help.gnome.org/admin/system-admin-guide/stable/extensions-enable.html.en



## Alternatives

- https://github.com/kazysmaster/gnome-shell-extension-lockkeys
- https://github.com/caasiu/gnome-shell-extension-KeysIndicator

- https://github.com/marf41/stickind

## Modifier indication (Push to a fix upstream in Gnome-shell)

- Feature Request/Bug Report: https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-shell/-/issues/4706

## Developer hints

For anyone looking to modify it or creating anternative solution. Check [HACKING.md](HACKING.md) file.

Commit message:

Make modifier display symbols configurable.
Create schema xml file in schemas directory.
Update makefile to handle schemas.
Modify extension to get modifier strings from settings dynamically.
Expose customizable symbols in prefs UI, grouped by meaning with presets button for each group.
Add option to save custom symbols as "Saved" preset.
Add dialog for unsaved custom preset switch
Document customization via preferences.
Add compiled schemas to .gitignore file.
Fix indicator drawing after extension start and settings changes.
Refactor extension properties names
Add debug log of loaded symbols to extension.js _loadSettings()

README.md, after:

# Keyboard Modifiers Status - Gnome-Shell Extension

 A Gnome-Shell extension that shows keyboard modifiers status. It is more useful when accessibility feature - sticky keys is active. 

 Current supported features:

 - Indicates status of these modifiers: Shift, Caps, Control, Alt, AltGr, Meta/Cmd, Num, (Scroll?)
 - Shows these states: (Off, Latched, Locked) in Wayland, (Off, Active) in Xorg

## Install

Choose a method

- Simply, from Gnome extensions portal site

    https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/975/keyboard-modifiers-status/

- Manually

    1. Extract it into a subfolder `keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher` in `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/`
    
            unzip keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher.zip -d ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher

        or

            make install
    
    2. Restart gnome-shell, using <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>F2</kbd> then `r`+<kbd>Enter</kbd> with Xorg or logout/login with Wayland.
    
    3. Enable it
    
            gnome-extensions enable keyboard_modifiers_status@sneetsher


## Extras

- The preferences window allows customizing modifier mappings and display symbols.

- Enable an extension for all users (machine-wide)

    See https://help.gnome.org/admin/system-admin-guide/stable/extensions-enable.html.en



## Alternatives

- https://github.com/kazysmaster/gnome-shell-extension-lockkeys
- https://github.com/caasiu/gnome-shell-extension-KeysIndicator

- https://github.com/marf41/stickind

## Modifier indication (Push to a fix upstream in Gnome-shell)

- Feature Request/Bug Report: https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-shell/-/issues/4706

## Developer hints

For anyone looking to modify it or creating anternative solution. Check [HACKING.md](HACKING.md) file.
